# AI Usage Report
Claude Sonnet 4.6 was immensely helpful for generating code, be it the code to generate synthetic data, for compression benchmarking, or plot generation. After devising appropriate frameworks and methodologies, I simply pasted a condensed version of my methodologies descriptions into the Claude web interface, and had it generate the code. There were only a couple bugs that caused the code to fail, and required me to fix, but in general the code ran as expected. One bug I unfortunately did not catch was on the timing of decompression; I had assumed that Claude would implement such a simple step correctly, and hence I had not bothered to double check that portion of the code. I only found out there as a bug in the timing for decompression after the completion of a half-day-long benchmarking run that reported a decompression throughput of 1TB per second. Only upon seeing this absurd result, did I check through the code and find the mistake. Sadly at that point, I no longer had the time to run another benchmarking trial, and hence, I opted to disclude decompression results entirely from my final report.

Claude Sonnet 4.6 was also very helpful for giving me the correct headers for the R Markdown file I used to generate the final report, as well as for turning all my sources into proper APA citations. As for the rest of the report, however, I drafted and edited without the usage of AI. 

In general, I fear that I lack sufficient capabilities in AI usage to be in a position of giving advice; such a task may best be suited for our more avid AI users, such as Vlad. In general, I find that when given clear instructions on steps to take, calculations to implement, parallelization strategies and setup, Claude Sonnet is able to implement code with fairly high viability. 